README.md, before:

# COSC 415: Pull request exercise

1. Send a request to me to have write access to this repo (giving me your Github username)
2. Once you've been added, if you have access to a working bash shell environment do the steps in section A, below.  If you do *not* have access to a working bash shell environment, do steps in section B below.

## Section A: Steps if you have a working shell environment:
1. Clone this repo to your own computer or to a cloud9 workspace
2. Create a new branch, using your first initial and last name, e.g., `jsommers`
3. Change to that new branch
4. Edit this `README.md` file, under the section below labeled `Your edits`.  Add a couple lines of text to introduce yourself and to say what you did over the summer.
5. Commit the changes to your local repo (make sure the changes go to your branch, not to the `master` branch)
6. Do a `git push origin BRANCH`, where `BRANCH` is replaced with your branch name.
7. Go on to `github.com` in this repo, and create a pull request for your branch.  You're done.

## Section B: Steps if you do *not* have a working shell environment:
1. Click on the "edit file" icon on this page
2.  Edit this file, under the second below labeled `Your edits`.  Add a couple lines of text to introduce yourself and to say what you did over the summer.
3.  At the bottom of the page, click on "Create new branch".  Name the branch using your fist initial and last name, e.g., `jsommers`.
4.  Add a commit message (don't just leave it as "Update README.md").
5. Make sure that a new pull request has been started using the new branch that you've created.  If that's the case, you're done.

**Note**: these are *not* the only ways to create a pull request.  For a repo on which you aren't an owner, you would clone the repo on github, edit your clone, then create a pull request between your clone and the original repo.  The patterns above are more useful when you're working in a team and performing internal code reviews of team members' edits.

# Your edits

Replace this text and add a couple lines of text to introduce yourself and say what you did over the summer.

Commit message:

Will Yi's updates to README.md

README.md, after:

# COSC 415: Pull request exercise

1. Send a request to me to have write access to this repo (giving me your Github username)
2. Once you've been added, if you have access to a working bash shell environment do the steps in section A, below.  If you do *not* have access to a working bash shell environment, do steps in section B below.

## Section A: Steps if you have a working shell environment:
1. Clone this repo to your own computer or to a cloud9 workspace
2. Create a new branch, using your first initial and last name, e.g., `jsommers`
3. Change to that new branch
4. Edit this `README.md` file, under the section below labeled `Your edits`.  Add a couple lines of text to introduce yourself and to say what you did over the summer.
5. Commit the changes to your local repo (make sure the changes go to your branch, not to the `master` branch)
6. Do a `git push origin BRANCH`, where `BRANCH` is replaced with your branch name.
7. Go on to `github.com` in this repo, and create a pull request for your branch.  You're done.

## Section B: Steps if you do *not* have a working shell environment:
1. Click on the "edit file" icon on this page
2.  Edit this file, under the second below labeled `Your edits`.  Add a couple lines of text to introduce yourself and to say what you did over the summer.
3.  At the bottom of the page, click on "Create new branch".  Name the branch using your fist initial and last name, e.g., `jsommers`.
4.  Add a commit message (don't just leave it as "Update README.md").
5. Make sure that a new pull request has been started using the new branch that you've created.  If that's the case, you're done.

**Note**: these are *not* the only ways to create a pull request.  For a repo on which you aren't an owner, you would clone the repo on github, edit your clone, then create a pull request between your clone and the original repo.  The patterns above are more useful when you're working in a team and performing internal code reviews of team members' edits.

# Your edits
Hello, my name is Will Yi, a senior at Colgate. Over the summer I have completed my firmware development internship and began a self-run project in testing interaction rates based on changing lambda. Other than that I have mostly stayed home throughout the summer.
